Welcome to the Complete Guide to svelte and Svelte KITT.
In this course, we are going to learn everything about building web components with svelte and high
performance web applications with svelte kit.
My name is Ali.
I have been working as a front end web developer for years, creating web and mobile applications and
also publishing online educational content that has received thousands of positive reviews.
At the end of this course, you will be able to build Web components using svelte and using svelte kit.
You will be able to build high performance server side rendered web applications that can be fully functional
even without having JavaScript enabled.
The first nine sections in this course is dedicated to discussing svelte.
We are going to discuss everything about svelte from scratch.
We will start by creating simple components and then we are going to gradually progress into more complex
components and more advanced topics.
The next seven sections will be dedicated to Svelte Kit.
We are going to discuss everything about svelte kit from how to create pages, layouts, how to load
data on the server and on the client, how to handle errors, how to use environment variables, how
to post data to your server in a progressively enhanced way, how to deploy your app and more topics
that will eventually allow you to build a high performance server side rendered app that can work without
having JavaScript enabled in the browser.
And in the final section, we are going to build an app that is going to bring everything that we've
learned together.
In this final section, we are going to build a mini Spotify clone using svelte and svelte Kit and the
Spotify API, and you can see a demo of the apps that we are going to be building in the free videos.
Good JavaScript knowledge is the only requirement that you need in order to take this course.
And basic typescript knowledge is also preferable as we are going to be using typescript with svelte
git.
So join us now.
If you would like to learn this world framework from scratch and build high performance web applications
with wealth kit.